I"û<p><img src="../../members/MaximilianLipp.jpg" alt="Maximilian Lipp" width="100" style="float: right; margin-right: 10px; border-radius:50%;" /></p>

<p>PhD research of <strong>Maximilian Lipp</strong></p>

<p>The ever-increasing computational power and ever-shrinking size of
electronic devices have been enabled by rapid developments in optical
lithography and the micro-electronics industry. State-of-the-art
processors require reliable and fast nanoscale engineering methods
with high production efficiency. The widespread access to
computational power has already made a big impact on our daily
lives. New future applications like VR, AR or AI technologies require
even smaller and more powerful hardware. However, keeping up with the
aggressive reduction of the semiconductor device feature sizes is a
challenging task.</p>

<p>In this project, we will explore deep learning and Bayesian
optimization techniques to push the boundaries of compact
semiconductor metrology tools. Label-free optical imaging methods with
a spatial resolution beyond the Abbe diffraction limit and a temporal
resolution beyond the Nyquist limit are being developed to
characterize multi-layer nanostructures. Several modern research areas
such as computational imaging and compressive sensing are connected
with cutting-edge Machine Learning tools to develop new methods of
nanoscale imaging and metrology for the semiconductor industry. The
project is running in collaboration with <a href="http://amlab.science.uva.nl/people/PatrickForre/">Patrick Forr√©</a> of AMLab
and the Advanced Research Center
for Nanolithography (ARCNL) and ASML, the world leader in the
production of the lithography machines.</p>

:ET