I"s<p><img src="../../members/CongLiu.jpg" alt="Cong Liu" width="100" style="float: right; margin-right: 10px; border-radius:50%;" /></p>

<p>PhD research of <strong>Cong Liu</strong></p>

<p>Highly contagious viruses, such as SARS-CoV-2, can have a negative
impact on the health of people and the stability of social
resources. Vaccines are an effective means of stopping the widespread
spread of viruses in the population by giving people immunity to a
particular virus, thereby stopping them from spreading the virus and
protecting those at risk of being infected. One of the core aspects of
vaccine development is the development of antigens. One of the ways in
which antigens are developed is by mutating one/some of the amino
acids in the antigen, thus making the antigen stable, which in turn
triggers an immune response and the production of a large number of
antibodies. Among the methods for finding a viable antigen, the
structural based approach has worked well and is widely used. However,
their success rate for single point variants is only 5% to 10%. As a
result, it can take a considerable amount of time to design a stable
antigen that is feasible with multiple variants. Thanks to the large
amount of available protein structure/sequence data, deep
learning-based approaches have recently achieved unprecedented success
in research for proteins, e.g. protein property prediction and protein
structure prediction. In this project, our goal is to apply the
cutting-edge deep learning methods (e.g. Graph Neural Networks,
Transformers, Equivariant Neural Networks, AlphaFold2 etc…) to model
our problems. Allowing the model to suggest variant sites and variant
amino acids for antigens with correspondingly predicted stabilities,
leading to the help for designing of stable antigens.</p>

<p>Joint work with <a href="http://amlab.science.uva.nl/people/PatrickForre/">Patrick Forré</a>,</p>

:ET